hey how's it going Dave 2d here so Apple
just announced their new iPhones and a
bunch of other hardware so I thought I'd
do a quick video kind of talking about
my first impressions on all of this
stuff I'm gonna skip the Apple TV I mean
that's really cool 4k HDR great hardware
and there but TVs are just not how I
consume most of my media anymore
so it just doesn't interest me
personally I'm just gonna pass on that
the Apple watch I've always liked the
idea of a SmartWatch I've tried several
and I've always found them I don't know
the battery life on smartwatches is what
ruins it for me like having to charge
them every day or at best like every two
three days for a flagship SmartWatch
that's just that's just not my thing
this new one the Apple watch Edition 3
the same idea I still have to charge it
frequently but because it has cellular
capabilities it could theoretically
replace a phone for certain users now I
don't think this is gonna make everyone
switch over to Apple watches and dumped
their phones in fact I don't think that
you even can I still feel like you need
to have a phone but I think it kind of
breathes new life into the whole smart
washer job right now this isn't the
first time we've seen cell capabilities
in a SmartWatch I've tried a couple I've
even tried to use a Samsung Smart Watch
as like my only cellular device it went
terribly but I feel like because Apple
has big market share in the whole
SmartWatch industry I don't know I feel
like this could be a good thing for them
the big thing though is the iPhone
announcement and I got to be honest
going into this thing I thought the
iPhone 10 or the iPhone like X as people
thought it was called originally I
thought it would be way cooler and way
better than it actually ended up being
so the iPhone 8 the regular-looking
iPhone I feel like that thing is OK in
2017 every single flagship out there has
a better screen to body ratio to the
Apple iPhone so it's so weird that Apple
is pulling out another like thick bezel
phone right now it just it makes me die
a little bit on the inside when I see
that thing but it is what it is now the
specs on the iPhone 8 and 8 plus are
significantly better than the specs on
the set
and the seven plus that's just the
nature of a next-generation product but
the bezels only iPhone it just looks so
thick to me I don't know I I'm in a loss
of words but I'm sure the phone has
great hardware it seems to have a
significantly faster processor
especially for multi-core stuff where I
was charging the slightly better screen
all good stuff but because of the bezels
I just feel less enthusiastic about that
phone the iPhone 10 however really cool
looking phone I mean we saw this thing
all over the internet it was leaked like
crazy but it still looks really cool
when they did the official announcement
now $1000 for a phone feels insanely
expensive to me it's like what 200 bucks
more than the iPhone eight plus is it
worth it I don't know I haven't used it
but I will say this I made a video a
couple weeks ago that talks about how
the note 8 was a poor value because you
can get an SI plus that was almost
identical in everything except for the
pen and the dual camera thing to the
note 8 and so I said that the note 8
wasn't a good quote unquote value
because you get sa plus a great phone
for so much cheaper and had so many
similar characteristics with this thing
the iPhone 10 you can't get anything
like it if you want to you don't mean
like you can't get an iPhone 8 plus trim
off the edges and be like hey I have an
iPhone 10 that's this is why it costs as
much as it does and this is why I don't
feel like it's a quote unquote poorly
priced phone it's expensive as heck and
I don't think that it's a good value but
I don't think that Apple mispriced the
phone granted it's a terribly expensive
phone so with this expensive price tag
comes I guess some neat hardware the
camera features on the front seem pretty
advanced I guess but after watching the
keynote and seeing what those cameras
can do ok yes face ID seems kind of
interesting I don't think I would prefer
it over touch ID if I had to choose
between them I feel like there's no way
that in its current iteration face ID
will be as fast as touch ID but that's
to be seen but the big thing for me is
that all that camera Hardware they're
showcasing stuff that I would never use
like animated emojis and other AR stuff
for the front-facing camera it's neat
and the hardware is very impressive but
how often am I going to use that like
for the
first couple of days and then the
novelty for that kind of stuff is gonna
wear off real quick for most people so
is there that much value in that
front-facing camera tech I don't know I
do love the way that the phone looks
though like the rounded edges the bezel
is look I love that I mean the essential
phone which is what I'm using a lot of
recently like that basalis look is
really cool now there's one thing that
bugs me when they show the iPhone 10
displaying videos the black bar cuts off
the video screen which I thought was
really weird because on the essential
phone which is another bezel-less phone
they leave a black bar where the video
is so you don't cut off any part of the
video and on the iPhone 10 the video
just runs right behind that black area
so maybe you'll get used to it but I
think that's a little bit strange see
the thing for me is for developers like
if you're an app or a game developer
you're gonna have UI elements that like
often go on the left side of the screen
whether it's for games or for like you
know a calendar app or whatever it is
you'll sometimes have stuff there and
now if you want to make your app or your
game compatible with an iPhone 10 you
don't have to reconfigure that whole
side of the screen and if you have like
an existing game like an older game
you'll have to go back into that stuff
redevelop it so that you kind of shift
everything over and the other thing is
like if you adapt your game so that it
looks proper on the iPhone 10 on the
regular iPhones or on an Android device
you now have a gap on the left side
where those UI elements used to be just
so good look proper on the iPhone 10
okay hope you guys enjoyed this video
thumbs if you liked it
subs if you loved it see you guys next
time